How is this possible?
How is that possible?
Sun Juncai, do you think you have been in casinos for decades?
Have you seen this situation today?
I advise you not to be too arrogant
He's so good
It must be my favorite brother Ares
Police! You scared me to death!
Didn't I say that?
Just feel at ease
Ok stop gambling
business matters
Sun Juncai, let me ask you
It shows that there is a problem with the pharmaceutical company.
Is it your fault? Examine
Oh.
It turned out that Mr. Lin asked me to deal with a small gourd
It's you two
I'm still worried that I can't find you
Yes, I made it.
How are you unconvinced?
Cross bleeding drug
I'm looking for you
You have a big breath
Behind me is Mr. Lin
What kind of onion are you?
Can't we discuss it?
Then the game continues
It's your turn.